---
layout: faq
question: What has been going on at Tabernacle Church of Norfolk?
---
Throughout its 85-year history, Tab has built a great tradition of effective ministry in the Hampton Roads area, establishing five churches in the region, founding the area's largest Christian school, creating a ranch for ministering to children and families,  and sending many missionaries around the world to expand the Kingdom of God.  Today the church's ministry continues to impact the region with outreach to internationals and local public schools.  In the last decade, Tab has sent out approximately ten missionaries to strategic places where God has opened doors and given an opportunity for churches to be established and lives to be transformed.

However, Tab is also facing its challenges.  As with many aging church communities, Tab has seen its congregation become older.  Because we are a military area, many young families have moved, however, fewer young families are walking through the door to replace them (a national trend).  This has resulted in several years of decreased attendance.  Moreover, last year, Tab's senior pastor, Kenny Bryant, informed the Tab elders that he believed it was time for him to step down as the senior pastor and to bring in a younger, more energetic visionary that could reach and inspire the next generation.   This has been the history of Tab.  Since its inception, as the senior pastor reaches his late 50's, he hands the reigns of leadership over to a younger associate who, with passion and the Holy Spirit's anointing, repositions the church to be better able to accomplish its mission to make disciples, particularly to young families.  The Tab elders affirmed that now was the time to begin such a transition. 

Not having anyone "in the wings," they readied themselves for a national search.  The goal was to have someone come on board as the associate pastor and then transition him to the senior pastor position within a few years.  But the clock is ticking, and the Tab leadership understood that changes needed to be made sooner rather than later. 