---
layout: faq
question: How did The Elder Boards come to this conclusion?
---
The boards asked themselves several questions: Do we agree with each other theologically? Do we understand God's mission for the church in the same way, do we share common values? Do we like and appreciate one another's history and current leadership team? Are our current styles and approach to ministry compatible? Do we think that the cultures are similar enough to think that there would be a high chance of success for such a merger?  For each question, the elders of both boards answered with a resounding "yes."  They also asked themselves if they saw anything that would be overly risky or adverse to forming a partnership, anything that would sidetrack them from achieving their mission or that would compromise their values.  The resounding answer was "no."   After answering the above questions, the elders from both churches concluded that a merger was in the Kingdom's best interest. 

After reaching this conclusion, a transition team from both churches was formed to work out the details.  Many of those details, but not all, have now been resolved, and the elders believe that there are no high hurdles in the way of resolving the final details in short order.

There is a high level of alignment between these two churches regarding theology, mission, vision, values, governance, and ministry philosophy which will help ensure the success of our partnership.  Perhaps one thing that has made us so similar is that one of Grace's first pastors, Dean Woodward, was the nephew of Tab's founding pastor, John Dunlap.  Is there any wonder that we share the same ministry DNA?   Therefore, it is with great enthusiasm and with the unanimous consent of both elder boards that they send to their respective congregations the recommendation to merge.