---
layout: faq
question: What are the benefits of this merger?
---
Both churches bring much to the table.  Each brings a deep commitment and passion for living out the great commission in our personal lives and corporate ministry.  Each is committed to the lordship of Jesus Christ and the authority of God's Word as recorded in the Bible.  Both long to reach young families while wanting to honor, grow, and serve older adults.  Both are committed to reaching the lost, discipling the saints, and advancing the cause of global missions. 

For Tab, the benefits are several.  It gets a young and gifted campus pastor, Ryan Levis.  He is from our area, so he "gets" Norfolk.  Grace has two co-lead pastors.  Eric Sanzone is a gifted and passionate speaker who connects with both the unsaved and the mature believer.  Matt Breitenberg is a strategic organizational leader who has guided the growth of Grace.  Tab will receive these benefits now instead of having to wait for years to groom a new leader.  Moreover, the risk is lower than if Tab were to bring in someone with whom they are not already familiar.  The elders and many in our church already know these men, we like their style and approve of their character.   They are the guys we would hire if we could!  Tab will also immediately get an influx of younger adults who are trained for ministry and who will bring with them their passion and energy.  Grace also brings a contemporary style that is engaging, inviting, and executed with excellence which is just the thing that Tab is striving to develop.  

For Grace, they get a church that is seasoned and has proven itself faithful over time, never wavering from their commitment to the Great Commission or their passion for reaching the city Norfolk.  Many who currently serve on Tab's leadership team will fill critical roles deepening and widening Grace's team.   Grace also gets physical stability, not having to wonder where their next facility will be or how much it will cost.  

Both churches benefit from the use of shared resources, an expanded knowledge base and more followers of Christ working together to make greater advances in the city of Norfolk.  For these and other reasons, the leadership of both churches believe that we are better together than we would ever be apart. 